Subtitle by [www.gogoanime21.eu.org], thank you for
faithfully watching at "[www.gogoanime21.eu.org]"
How is Senior Bei feeling now?
Little junior brother fought beautifully today.
It's a shame you missed it.
I could watch the match broadcast from the hotel.
Yu Hao's one-versus-seven victory gave
Tang Sect a great start in this tournament.
Yu Hao, what do you think
about tomorrow's match?
Tomorrow we're facing Iron Sword Sect.
Don't tell me you're planning to go first again.
And then fight from start to finish?
Many teams were eliminated in the last round.
We have plenty of time to rest.
But from this round on,
The breaks between matches will be shorter.
We need to conserve our fighting strength.
I suggest we use rotation for individual matches.
Then I'll take the lead tomorrow.
You are watching Sun and Moon TV.
Coming up next,
is the third round of the Continental Elite
Soul Master Tournament elimination matches.
Let's go to the competition venue.
Third round, sixth match.
Tang Sect versus Iron Sword Sect.
Huo Yu Hao's one-versus-seven victory.
Would the first individual match contestants please come to the stage.
It's actually a beautiful lady!
Did Iron Sword Sect study our team?
They know the best way to deal with Third
Senior is to send out a beautiful woman.
Hello beautiful, I'm Xu Sanshi from Tang Sect.
I'm Wang Chengxi from Iron Sword Sect.
Please go easy on me, Senior.
okay...okay.
Junior Sister's hair is so well-maintained.
You shouldn't touch it carelessly.
Are you two going to fight or not?
See you later.
Begin the match!
Six rings - he's actually a Soul Emperor!
This is a battle between circle and shield.
let's start.
What a beautiful sword-pressing leap counter!
I'm so dizzy, you brute!
You really don't know how to treat a lady.
Well, beautiful, why don't you just forfeit?
So I won't be accused of being ungentlemanly.
Why don't you forfeit instead?
Then we could still be friends.
Xuanming Exchange!
That's disgusting, I'd never want to be friends with you. Just die!
Fifth Soul Skill!
Medusa's Gaze!
The skill said to be able to petrify everything!
Why isn't my Medusa's Gaze working?
The Black Turtle is a turtle-snake combination,
the highest level water-attribute Soul Tool.
How dare you use a snake soul tool against me!
Still won't surrender?
Train hard and become a better person.
I'm the referee here!
First match goes to Tang Sect.
Iron Sword Sect, next contestant please come to the stage.
Senior Sister fainted, what about our team battle later?
Don't think that far ahead.
You won't win the individual matches anyway.
Individual battles: Tang Sect wins seven to four.
Both sides, prepare for team battle.
In individual battles, each person deliberately surrendered after two victories.
Tang Sect is clearly hiding their true strength.
Yu Hao, it seems during this competition in Ming City,
you gave Na Na a secret mission.
I've contacted all three black markets in Ming City these past few days.
None of them will sell rare metals to us.
I heard they've organized an underground Soul Tool competition,
so they urgently need rare metals too.
Tell me more details.
The competition is held in three black markets:
Dusk Water Alliance, Common Alliance,
and Ao City Commerce Association.
The champions from each venue will compete in the finals.
Sounds related to that mysterious Evil Soul Master Ye Xishui.
Ye Xishui...
Elder Mu and Long Xiaoyao had several earth-shattering battles with her.
She was already a super-ranked Douluo 100 years ago,
but she fell and became an Evil Soul Master.
I heard Dusk Water Alliance is connected to the Holy Spirit Church.
Looks like I must participate in this competition!
Tonight the three black markets are holding qualifiers.
All Soul Tool Masters under 30 can participate.
Then let's join the Dusk Water Alliance qualifier.
First, we can investigate the Dusk Water Alliance.
Secondly, we can better observe the current development of mainland soul devices.
Everyone, stay alert and be careful.
The Dusk Water Alliance's branch is at the Qingqing Hotel.
Who the hell isn't watching where they're going?
Oh, it's just a dead monkey.
I am Chen'an, the manager of Qingqing Hotel and competition judge.
What brings you two here?
My brother Tang Si and I are here for the competition.
I'm Tang Wu.
So you're here to compete?
Today is the qualification round.
You just need to create a level 3 soul device within the time limit.
Then you'll pass the qualification check.
Now, since the last soul master finished making their device.
It's been about an hour.
I'm not sure if you two can still make it in time.
Both of you, please start now.
They finished in less than 10 minutes.
Let me check it. It's amazing to complete it in such a short time.
I believe you must have cheated.
The Tang Sect members are in disguise.
They're heading to the Dusk Water Alliance branch for the underground soul master competition.
Our people are ready to act at any time.
For these powerful sects and academies.
We must observe them constantly.
Fearing until the Soul Master Tournament finals.
Eliminate them early if necessary.
I'm certain you must have cheated.
How dare you cheat!
Someone's cheating!
Whether it's cheating or not is for the judges to decide.
As a soul master, instead of completing your competition, you're here causing trouble.
Judge, I think they're the suspicious ones.
You're afraid to show us because you're guilty.
Second brother, don't act yet. These people aren't simple.
I fear our identities have been exposed.
I have a plan.
Brothers, attack!
Not everyone can use my soul devices.
Since you want to see, I'll show you.
Who dares to cause trouble in our Dusk Water Alliance territory?
Tang Si, Tang Wu.
The Holy Emperor has high hopes for the Dusk Water Alliance.
Yet you didn't even notice outsiders infiltrating.
I wonder what the Holy Emperor would think.
You're a smart person, you should know what to do.
Someone take these people away and investigate them thoroughly.
It was my management error, please forgive us, honored guests.
My energy-gathering soul cannon's explosive power is definitely level 3.
And my brother's soul device.
You can continue checking it too.
My brother and I didn't come here to cause trouble with the Dusk Water Alliance.
We just want to earn some prize money and rare metals with our skills.
The Dusk Water Alliance warmly welcomes talented people.
Here are your competition certificates.
Numbers 66 and 88.
Looking forward to your next visit.
Yu Hao, just now at the Dusk Water Alliance.
Why did that manager suddenly change his attitude?
I imitated an evil soul master's aura.
It worked on him as expected.
Made him think we're high-ranking members from the Holy Spirit Cult.
This proves the Dusk Water Alliance has deep ties with the Holy Spirit Cult.
With the cover of being the capital's top underground force.
No wonder the Holy Spirit Cult could hide so deep.
But who sent those assassins?
They must be very familiar with the capital to enter the black market.
I guess they're from the Sun Moon Empire.
Then maybe we can use this chance to catch the Sun Moon Empire's weakness.